Assignment 1- Machine learning
1) option b
2) option d
3) option d
4) option a
5) option d
6) option d
7) option a
8) option b
9) option d
10) option a
11) option d
12) option a

13) clustering-The k-means clustering method is an unsupervised machine learning technique used to identify clusters of data objects in a dataset.
Clusters are loosely defined as groups of data objects that are more similar to other objects in their cluster than they are to data objects in other clusters.
In practice, clustering helps identify two qualities of data:

Meaningfulness
Usefulness

how its calculated:- The first step is to randomly select k centroids, where k is equal to the number of clusters you choose.
Centroids are data points representing the center of a cluster.The random initialization step causes the k-means algorithm to be nondeterministic,
meaning that cluster assignments will vary if you run the same algorithm twice on the same dataset.Nondeterministic machine learning algorithms like k-means are difficult to reproduce.
The random_state parameter is set to an integer value so you can follow the data presented in the tutorial. In practice, it’s best to leave random_state as the default value, None.

14) cluster quality measurement-The choice of metric rather depends on what you consider the purpose of clustering to be.
Personally I think clustering ought to be about identifying different groups of observations that were each generated by a different data generating process.
So I would test the quality of a clustering by generating data from known data generating processes and then calculate how often patterns are misclassified by the clustering.
Of course this involved making assumptions about the distribution of patterns from each generating process, but you can use datasets designed for supervised classification.

15) cluster analysis:-Cluster analysis is the task of grouping a set of data points in such a way that they can be characterized by their relevancy to one another.
These techniques create clusters that allow us to understand how our data is related. The most common applications of cluster analysis in a business setting is to segment customers or activities.
These types are Centroid Clustering, Density Clustering Distribution Clustering, and Connectivity Clustering.

1.Centroid Clustering-  In centroid cluster analysis you choose the number of clusters that you want to classify. 
For example, if you’re a pet store owner you may choose to segment your customer list by people who bought dog and/or cat products.

2. Density Clustering- Density clustering groups data points by how densely populated they are. To group closely related data points, 
this algorithm leverages the understanding that the more dense the data points...the more related they are.For most density algorithms a predetermined distance between data points is selected to benchmark how closely points need to be to one another to be considered related. 
Then, the algorithm will identify all other points that are within the allowed distance of relevance. This process will continue to iterate by selecting different random data points to start with until the best clusters can be identified.

3. Distribution Clustering
Distribution clustering identifies the probability that a point belongs to a cluster. Around each possible centroid The algorithm defines the density distributions for each cluster,
quantifying the probability of belonging based on those distributions The algorithm optimizes the characteristics of the distributions to best represent the data.

4. Connectivity Clustering
Unlike the other three techniques of clustering analysis reviewed above, connectivity clustering initially recognizes each data point as its own cluster. The primary premise of this technique is that points closer to each other are more related.
The iterative process of this algorithm is to continually incorporate a data point or group of data points with other data points and/or groups until all points are engulfed into one big cluster. The critical input for this type of algorithm is determining where to stop the grouping from getting bigger.